---
layout: post
title:  "The Twins"
date:   2014-06-26 18:18:00
categories: apple
---
This is the year that iOS and Android got close.

For a long time they have been distinct.  You would never have mistaken one for the other and you always knew which one you wanted to spend the night with.  But now...  Now it's not so clear.

It's funny that both companies couldn't resist taking jabs at the other during their main event developer keynotes.   Android making fun of Apple for only now getting widgets and Apple jibing Android for being open to a mess of malware.  And then in the next breath both introduced their own new features that the other already had.

This was the year that both operating systems caught up with their biggest competitor.  iOS got connectivity between apps, extensions, and smarter notifications.  Android got a clean and opinionated design language.  Both landed simultaneously on watches, fitness, cars, and home control.

I don't think this is copying or aping the other guy.  It feels like both camps have had this obvious long to do list for years but only now have the platforms become mature enough *and* their respective parents big and rich enough, that they've been able to deliver these luxuries.

And make no mistake -- these new features are luxuries.  They are nice to have and are aimed at weaving these ever more complicated operating systems into the fabric of our lives.  Both companies know that the way to win is to be hard to leave.   Once your home is controlled by your Android or your drive to work is driven by your iPhone, once your visit to the doctor involves pulling our your phone, will you be less likely to switch to the other guy come upgrade time?

The twins are betting on it.